# eggd_multiqc (DNAnexus Platform App)

multiqc
ewels/MultiQC [v1.8](https://github.com/ewels/MultiQC/)

## What does this app do?
This app runs MultiQC to generate run wide quality control (QC) using the outputs from 'our' pipelines including:
* FastQC 
* verifybamid
* samtools/flagstat - to come soon

## What are the typical use cases for this app?
To generate QC reports, this app should be run at the end of an NGS pipeline, when all QC software outputs are available.

## What data are required for this app to run?
* project_for_multiQC - The name of the project to be assessed. (like 002_###)
  //* This project must have a 'QC' folder in its root directory.
* config_file.yaml - A config file specifying which modules to run and the search pattern to recognise for each module

## What does this app output?
The following outputs are placed in the DNAnexus project under '/QC/multiqc':
* A HTML QC report (with the name of the runfolder) which should be uploaded to the ## server.
* A folder containing the output in text format.

## How does this app work?
1. The app downloads all files within the QC/ directory of the project. 
2. A config file is used to search for files with specific name patterns, which are downloaded if found.

3. A dockerised version of MultiQC is used. The docker image is stored on DNAnexus as an asset, which is bundled with the app build. The following commands were used to generate this asset in a cloud workstation:
    * `docker pull ewels/multiqc:1.8`
    * `dx-docker create-asset ewels/multiqc:1.8`
    * The asset on DNAnexus was then renamed with the following command: `dx mv ewels\\multiqc\\:1.8 ewels_multiqc_1.8`
4. MultiQC parses all files, including any recognised files in the report.
5. The MultiQC outputs are uploaded to DNAnexus. 


This is the source code for an app that runs on the DNAnexus Platform.
For more information about how to run or modify it, see
https://documentation.dnanexus.com/.
<!-- /dx-header -->

<!-- Insert a description of your app here -->

<!--
TODO: This app directory was automatically generated by dx-app-wizard;
please edit this Readme.md file to include essential documentation about
your app that would be helpful to users. (Also see the
Readme.developer.md.) Once you're done, you can remove these TODO
comments.

For more info, see https://documentation.dnanexus.com/developer.
-->
